Adzuki sludge for Potassium source highest in the world

[highest in the world - not b/c there aren't higher, but b/c the higher ones have a ratio to sodium almost equal to potassium and that's not what you need, you need a potassium prejudiced supplement]

This increases power and strength of Kidneys therefore the kidneyscan now fix (1) diuretic enhancer and since kidneys regulate all salt and potassium (and calcium and phosphorous and others – they are not the only gland though that regulates calcium etc)  in the body then this will make for great way to get rid of problems of (2)water weight gain or water retention or problems with (3) kidney failure or (4) salt retention or (5) potassium retention when kidneys not functioning up to par.

**Adzuki Sludge:**

**The technique used for making this goes like so:  calls for boiling 1 cup of Adzuki beans in 1 quart (4 cups) of RO or distilled water – you're after removal of all nutrients of beans putting them into the water, ie a tea of adzuki sludge!  IE you must slowly cook the beans so that the nutrients exit the beans into the water – ie you must use a tall skinny pot and NOT a fat wide pot – b/c fat wide will cook down to no water in like 10 mins instead of 2 to 4 hours even on lowest temp – sooo common sense dictates tall skinny pot that can hold 1 qt water to ratio of  1 cup of adzuki beans, and slowly cook them down on low temp  -   2 to 4 + hours cook down is what you're looking for (NOTE: more hours is fine but not less b/c how are you supposed to thicken up and rehydrate the beans then cook them down if you do it too fast??? Right???? …. You can find Adzuki beans in a health food store, usually in bulk or order them online (anything less than $3 per lb after shipping cost is a GOOOD PRICE!  – it's not hard to find them online or at Whole Foods organic. When the water simmers down then add another quart. When this simmers down 50% - discard (throw away/trash) the beans and keep the sludgy water, it's good for maybe 4 + days,  and drink (2-4 tbls) of the sludge 2x a day. DO NOT EAT THE BEANS - THROW THEM AWAY, DO NOTTTT SOAK THE BEANS YOU MUST SIMMER THEM DOWN!!  Some people freeze the sludge in ice cube trays and use it as needed. In 2 months the kidneys should be considerably stronger.  Never add salt!**  

**This is a great protocol to use to get someone off of dialysis machine from kidney failure within a couple months usually, if they respond well to it.  Use Dr.'s care to manage doing something like this, as this is of course 100x superior to taking a Dr.'s fake/inorganic potassium pills, yet they need to be able to monitor the situation all the same when in a situation like a dialysis machine…so they do not get potassium poisoned… but since this strengthens the kidneys which are responsible for potassium regulation so that you never get potassium poisoned and since kidneys eat potassium as a main food source… you can see why kidneys that are weak are able to easily keep up with taking potassium like this… "like this " means real FOOD FORM!  Anywhoo – there you have it.** 

**I've had people in major meltdown from Herzheimer detox side effects from whatever protocols they were doing – and they would drink down like ½ cup to 1 cup of this from fridge – in 15 mins not s single noticeable detox side effect left… it's quite dramatic… but – there are many version of detox side effects coming from many major sources -  major Green drinks for example to special chemical super nutrients taken too many at a time – everyone is different – and do not forget it is NOT ONLY THE KIDNEYS that use potassium as food but the LIVER'S LIMIT ON HOW MUCH IT CAN HANDLE OF DETOXING AT A TIME IS LIMITED ONLY BY THE AMOUNT OF THIS TYPE OF POTASSIUM IN THE BODY!!!!  IF YOU HAVE UNLIMITED AMOUNTS B/C YOU ARE TAKING THIS SLUDGE AS A POTASSIUM SUPPLEMENT YOU THEORETICALLY HAVE NO LIMITS ON HOW MUCH YOUR LIVER CAN DETOX AT A TIME… OMG YOU SHOULD SEE WHAT THIS DOES FOR THOSE THAT ARE OVERWEIGHT!!!!   AND MOVING ALONG…**

Remember:  kidneys regulate salt and potassium in the body both… by making sure  not too much of either in the body so you don't die, however, potassium is the main food source also of kidneys… so how do you get kidneys to be better without it…so here's a little note for those with kidney failure… so Drs. see the kidney's as weak and in failure and take a person off of potassium so that the patient does not get potassium poisoning since kidneys not regulating potassium correctly (build up could kill you)… this is often a fallacy to take a person off of all potassium, (when all they needed was right KIND of potassium – the kind that feeds kidneys – real potassium from adzuki not from any other source like veggie drinks etc (all veggies have potassium) ) so be careful, have Dr. monitor you to make sure this minor amount of adzuki sludge you are taking in does not cause problems, and that kidneys are handling the extra potassium kidney food without any build up of potassium in the body that kidneys can't handle… thus with kidneys handling, properly, the potassium from adzuki sludge, and being properly fed so that they are rejuvenating, (usually in 2 weeks God willing,) that then they are no longer failing or weak (or at 50% or worse function), but instead making it back up to 100% functioning – only then can you increase recommended amount.

Why does this work??? If there is too much salt in the system and kidneys can't process it all b/c kidneys are weak or whatever, then it does not matter if there is plenty of potassium as it is not the amount of salt that is to be regulated NORRRR is it the amount of potassium that is to be regulated by kidneys – but rather the ratio of one to the other that is regulated! Get it?  Therefore, when you have too much salt no problem, add potassium to balance it out… problem with most super high sources of potassium is that they have equally high amounts of sodium… whereas Adzuki beans are highest source of Potassium in comparison to amount of sodium in them which is nearly none (almost no sodium)….this is why this works….now you're getting pure potassium and very little sodium… thus kidney's are fed what they are looking for most… also for those with potassium deficiency… this is intense… but never underestimate the power of bananas with oranges for potassium… though you'll have LITTLE luck with bananas alone, but when you EAT (not juice) an orange, with the banana, now body feels immediate potassium relief!  (or just by eating the orange alone.)  (don't try this latter trick with dialysis people – ONLY adzuki sludge for dialysis people) (after all – even Kiwi fruit has the potassium of about 20 to 40 bananas! But with dialysis use the adzuki sludge)

(For those with an interest, 3 other major and massive kidney specific foods are apples, asparagus and coconut oil – uh, though technically the coconut oil is for the adrenal glands that are ONE TOP OF the kidneys… kidneys do in fact LOVE it when you eat some coconut oil & then go out walking…, NOT jogging, but walking is what kidneys are in love with, most esp. after having had coconut oil – results are amazing.)

So to reiterate this all, adzuki sludge 2x/day is great for you, but adzuki sludge 2x/day with eating one orange and few kiwis in the PM is better for you (unless on dialysis then skip the orange or kiwi).

This is a wonderful potassium supplement – most powerful in the world b/c it contains almost zero sodium!!! Yay!  Thus it works as a potassium supplement only

If there is kidney issues because it causes too fast of a detox which happens in some people – NOOO problem!!! Simply eat apples (green preferred!!) and drink a gallon of water a day to handle this – so kidneys feel great while doing a supplement like this -  of course, to be honest… this is the same thing you do when ANYTHING detoxes you too quickly – extra apples and water (and asparagus if your country has that!  Again, you said asparagus is too far outside your city to get brought in to grocery stores, too bad… )

Remember that potassium in 100% living form (organic, plant form) like this causes massive internal detox – ie, unlike every other detox in books and etc you read – this will force the body to detox ITSELF!!!!!  This is usually 100x less traumatizing to the body and soooo much easier and faster therefore follow the apples and asparagus and water info to avoid these types of detoxing issues as they do happen once in a while while on this type of special detox!!!  I.E., sometimes the kidneys hurt b/c too much filth coming out too fast – that's fine… easily remedied with the above items

Other items to make sure this never happens (no hurting kidneys after first day – simple to do )  drink some blended pineapple, on day one while doing the sludge that day,  BLENDED not juiced… same for eating of oranges and lemons – or take Vit B6 ( I have tons of Vit B6 to prevent this issue – in organic form… this way kidneys are never overwhelmed with too fast of filth removal… BUT once you have hurting kidneys then just add in also the apples and asparagus and tons of water… this will fix itself fast – use cooked asparagus or even canned to undo this problem!  Simple….