Ethan Miller
17 Dec 2017
Tags: #christiantheology

This is a really tender issue to write about, because it gives so much comfort and solace to people who hate their jobs, or love them, and it's a rock for them to say, "No, this is where God wants me to be. God has called me to this." So I want to be as careful as I can, and make this argument as tenderly as possible, but no matter how much icing you put on a lemon, it's still going to be sour. My sister smiles to think how smoothly her GIAL application has gone, and she's stayed up late to get it through, and she's turning in everything late but it's working out anyway, and she grins to think, "This is a God thing. God is making this work out because this is his will for me." That mentality is not uncommon at all for those who have grown up in church. "He recovered! It's a God thing." "It stopped raining! It's a God thing." "I passed my finals! It's a God thing." "Gabe Ethridge has a girlfriend? That has literally got to be a God thing." But it is true that we sometimes, perhaps, attribute things to God's intervention inappropriately, or loosely, so that it waters down the mighty acts of God that he actually did. So I don't want to take away anybody's rock, but let me explain why this is actually a serious matter, and it's dishonoring to God. But even without that explanation, all we should be concerned with is the question, "Is it true?" And I believe our reactionary God-crediting is not a result of due diligence. Things work out for unbelievers too. God makes the sun to rise on the just, and on the unjust. Doesn't mean it's his will for you to go live a licentious, drunken life because things are working out. That is absolutely the wrong measurement of God's will for your life. It's not confirmation. And it's uncomfortable for someone like me to object when you're so giddy in telling me about how everything is working out, and therefore it's a God thing. That puts me in a very unwanted situation, because either I tell you what I think, and it crushes you, or I go along with it to spare your feelings, and it's not true. I mean, I already know it is God's will for you to go soul-winning. I just disagree that the way to confirm that is how your Wednesday afternoon schedule opened up. The way to know God's will is from the Bible. End of story. Don't ask for a red car to drive by, and when one does, you say, "[GASP] This really is God's will!"

First we have to ask the question of whether ministry work is voluntary or if God asks specific people to do it. (This is going to be about the rule, not the exception, like prophets. Jeremiah was one prophet out of thousands of Levites. The Levites were sanctified, not individually called, and in fact it was because their tripe was about 1/10 the size of Israel).


