Ethan Miller
Compositions
Play Time
7 February 2015
Tags: #compositions

Between Revelation 2 and 3 Jesus writes seven letters to the seven churches of Asia, each of which have represented a time period in history. The letter to Ephesus prophesies about the Apostolic Church era (A.D. 30-100), the letter to Smyrna is correlated to the era of Roman Persecution (A.D. 100-313), the letter to Pergamum represents the Church of the Age of Constantine (The Wilderness Period), the letter to Thyatira the Church of the Dark Ages (A.D. 600-1517), to Sardis The Church of the Reformation (A.D. 1517-1648), to Philadelphia The Church of the Great Missionary Movement (A.D. 1648-1900), and finally you get to Laodicea, which is us. Each of these churches (or stages of church history) have a defining characteristic, and sadly the word Jesus uses to define my church era is lukewarm. He says we don't realize it, but we're wretched and miserable and poor and blind and pitiful and naked. He says it's because we're rich; we're comfortable so we really have no need of Christ. When was the last time we laid hands on each other and prayed? Or when we talked about the law as we walked by the way, and sat in our house, and when we rose up and laid down? Or when was the last time we praised God together without making it a joke because none of us know the words and some of us can't sing? Or when was the last time someone prayed and I didn't get the impression that you were talking to Faith? Or when was the last time any of you were kind to me? Or listened to me? Or didn't make a mockery of me? We are lukewarm.

I think one of the major reasons we are lukewarm is because parents ask all the wrong questions about their children. They ask "what will make my child happy?" instead of "what is best for my child?" Did you know 75% of the things in your house are purely made for entertainment? Entertainment is all about me and what I want. Entertainment is what we do to waste time. Paul said "Awake oh sleeper, make the best of your time," but no, no, no, we seek relaxation and pleasure in things man created instead of He who created man. It's normal for us! We all do it so nobody questions it, and when someone does everybody thinks it's a joke! We waste so much time entertaining ourselves and entertaining other people that we don't instill the law in the minds of our children. The scriptures say, "Teach your children My law," but neglecting that you gave them toys to keep them occupied instead, teaching them to entertain themselves. An idol is something we value more than God at any given time. (For the object of our passion, greed, evil desires, etc is our idol – Col 3:5) It's anything that causes us to glorify something other than God. You say, "My child doesn't make her toys idols." Really? How much time does she spend playing? And how much time does she spend seeking God? Is she too young to seek God? If you're putting together a puzzle and you didn't glorify God doing it, you missed glorifying God. You see, sin isn't a list of dos and don'ts, because it's not its own thing, it's the lack of the thing. The Greek means to miss the mark; if you do something and you miss glorifying God than you missed the mark, which is sin. Unfortunately we live in a generation that does things for our own pleasure. Video games, music, board games, toys, TV, all of this we do merely to entertain ourselves. To bide our time as if God really doesn't have any reason for putting us on the earth. We are ambassadors! Sons of God! And we are quick to ask, "How shall I please myself today?" "What shall I buy to entertain my child?" "What would be fun for her?" No, no, no, train up your child in the way he should go, binding the words of the law on their hearts, and you will give them a gift far superior than the gift of quick pleasure, teaching them to make idols of themselves, doing things to their own gain. Whoever searches for life will lose it. If you want what's best for your child, teach them loss, because everything about the gospel is reverse.