Ethan Miller
Zealous
The Kingdom of Apathy
18 August 2015

I hate living among Americans. Don't get me wrong, America is great. We have such a high standard of living there is no reason to deny we are blessed. What I hate is that all of these blessings make us content to live for this quick breath we call a lifetime. I hate that when I probe the riddle, "Out of the eater, something to eat; out of the strong, something sweet," no one in the room can answer it. It's as if I am completely alone. I love to memorize scripture, but my brother is less then cooperative. I love referring to the stories of the Bible, but no one has a clue what I'm talking about. I get bashed by my family as insensitive when I talk about the scriptures because I know more than they do and it makes them feel "small." I hate that my sister's natural reflex to my relating that I queried Caleb about the riddle earlier is, "I hope you didn't make him feel bad. . . . Caleb is a bright intelligent person, and I don't want him to think anything else." I hate that when I speak a parable explaining what we are living for, the now or the after, everyone sidesteps with something trivial like, "It feels later than it is. I should go to bed." I hate that when I talk about the world there is vibrant conversation but when I talk about God everybody freezes. I hate that people don't speak about their thanksgiving to God to each other. I hate that I can't escape from this prison of godlessness. I am forced to live as a foreigner, a stranger, trying to conform to the pattern of the world, being corrupted by the lusts of deceit. I hate that my sister's advice to me is to unfold an issue and speak to people as if I haven't thought about it before. I hate that if I say anything to show what I'm thinking people say that I think I know all the answers; I don't, and I know I don't. These are just my thoughts that I was excited to share, until you labeled me arrogant and condescending. I hate that nobody loves God. I hate that. I want to live among people who know what's in His book. I want to be surrounded by a nation that reveres God and seeks Him every day. I want to be a prayerful people. I want people to see. But we're all too busy looking at our substitutes for God that keep us content. We think ending extreme poverty would be the best thing for the world. I think it would destroy the last chance we have at finding the narrow way.