Ethan Miller
Andrew Lewis
Attending Youth Group
23 March 2014
Tags: #responsepapers #antisocial


In 2011, my best friend, Adam Van Voltenburg, he had been living with his parents and had just recently moved back to Garland with his grandparents. So he started going to Northlake, and he was homeschooled for a few weeks because of the transition in his move, so we were able to hang out on weekdays as well as weekends, and we were pretty tight.

By 2012, he had started meeting a whole bunch of people from Garland, the city and the high school once he started public schooling. And Adam was a cool guy, but he didn't believe in the dichotomy between the imperious cool kids and the social outcasts. He was by nature a very welcoming accepting dude. So he started hanging out with emo kids and outcasts, and he even had a song about emo's, but as you might imagine, people didn't like him for that.

The Christians from his school were the worst, they judged him and persecuted him, and eventually they pushed him so far to the point that he renounced Yahweh as the rightful God. He still believed in God, but he didn't believe that he was the rightful sovereign, so he turned around and started worshiping Satin. And that's the reason that I believe that Christian isn't something you can call yourself, it's something people around you observe.

During the time of Christ the Jewish leaders didn't believe that Jesus was the Son of God. They tried to discredit him with all the knowledge of the law they had, but Jesus proved to be more discerning then they were, and challenge after challenge after challenge Jesus refuted their allegations.

On top of that he was fulfilling all sorts of prophesies about the coming messiah, and more and more people were believing in him. So they got together and arranged a different approach. They decided that the best way to stop Jesus was to put him to death. They then made a plan, waited for the right time, crucified him, and behold, their problem was over!

...that is until a whole bunch of Jesus' disciples came along and did the things he was doing. They were teaching the same things that Jesus taught, and people were still believing in Jesus and denigrating the authority of the Jewish leaders. This group even came to be known as "mini-Christ's" (translated to Christians), because they were going around doing miracles and acting like Jesus acted.

You understand, then, that during the apostolic era, people saw believers and observed that they were like Christ, thus Christ was the standard by which they judged who was like him. Unfortunately, in our generation, Christians are the standard by which people judge Christ.

Adam saw these believers, he was judged by them, mistreated by them, victimized by them, persecuted by them, and all these things defined who Jesus was to him, because those insurgent believers had the audacity to tell him they were Christians (that they were like Christ, doing the things of Christ). I was there when Christians from his school cursed him out for wearing pink shoes on one occasion. When you call yourself a Christian, you represent the life of Christ.

You don't have the right to wonder why he started worshiping Satin after receiving that kind of animosity from people who belonged to the church. But on top of all of that, what really shaped me to start hating the church was seeing my friend after he'd been jumped by three seniors (and we were sophomores at this point). They jumped him because he was a Satanist. All three were Christians, and all three went to jail. There is no excuse I could give Adam for the behavior of the people who belonged to the same faith I did.

My only defense was to reduce the name of "Christian" to nothing. I told him that "Christian" doesn't mean anything anymore, that those who follow Christ wouldn't do such things to him. I said they weren't real Christians.

And I remember his response, it was very theatrical, he looked at me and said, "Then show me a 'real' Christian." I couldn't do it. There was no one among our generation who I could exemplify as a model Christian. I could show him decent people; Brian Atkins. But what makes him Christian? He's not out teaching the things of Christ, he's not performing miracles, he's not baptizing people or raising up believers. Decency isn't exclusive to Christianity. It's not even primary to Christianity. Adam observed that there are people with love and people without love, but Christianity isn't a contributing variable for it.

So he started associating with other Satanists, and they received him. I met some of them and they were some of the most kind, friendly people I've met. There was no judgment among them, because there was no such thing as being good enough. They were welcoming, friendly, but most of all they were one people. There was no divide in them that you so commonly see in the Christian church. People talking about each other, pointing out faults or abnormalities, laughing at them, disagreeing with each other, there was none of that. They were there for each other, and to learn from each other. And when you looked at them, you could see such vision in their eyes, and in their words.

And then you look at us Christians, and you have no choice but to be appalled. I was disgusted with Christianity. It made me realize that among my generation, there is no such thing as a "real" Christian. No one in the youth group has ever come close to displaying the same degree of passion, ambition, commitment, or vision that these people had. I starting looking at the youth group, and observing things. Church wasn't a place of worship, the kids weren't focused on who they were worshiping, or even aware in most cases of what they were singing about, they were just reading empty words off a screen. One song's lyrics "We wait for You, to walk in the room. Shekinah glory come down." In Revelation 3, Jesus says to the Church of Laodicea "Behold, I stand at the door and knock, if anyone here's my voice and opens the door, I will come in and dine with him and he with me." Jesus is waiting for us, not the other way around, and yet we had a congregation of believers singing, "We wait for You, to enter the room." We don't evaluate our words when we praise, and that will be counted against us in the day of judgment. We need to be very careful that what we're singing in worship is, in fact, scriptural. There are serious consequences for taking poetic license too far with God's word

It wasn't a place of prayer, I seldom witnessed even the leaders actually considering their words before the Lord. I contend that you should never designate someone to pray. In fact, when someone raises their hand and says "Let me pray!" Test them first, make sure they have evaluated themselves before they engage in communion with the Lord, otherwise their words will be counted against them. Any lazy thing they say will be counted against them on the day of judgment. So when someone is stands up and is really excited to pray, you're obligated to make sure that when they come before the Lord, they are speaking solemnly. If you designate someone to commune with the Lord unevaluated, you're a stumbling block to them and their sin is on your hands, and it is a sin. And it seems to me that even when the leaders are asked to pray, they haven't always evaluated themselves. So church wasn't a place of prayer.

It wasn't really a place of love, joy, kindness, or even learning. But the bottom line was that whether I looked to my left, or to my right, we weren't one people. There was that divide among us that I spoke, people talking about each other, pointing fingers, pointing out faults or abnormalities, disagreeing with each other, etc, etc.

And obviously no one can look that deep into another man's soul to know what he's really like, but they didn't have the same vision in their eyes, or the same ambition in their words, or the same commitment in their endeavors, or the same joy in their attitude, or the same love, patience, and kindness towards each other. That is what appalled me even more then the outrageous behavior of the Christians that alienated Adam from the faith. If you sin, sin boldly. Revelation 3, God sees it the same. The only thing worse than disreputable faith, is mediocre faith.

And again I can't fully judge the kids I don't know, I can only judge a tree by the fruit it bears (which is mostly internal fruit, things like joy, peace, wisdom, cohesion, which wasn't found in their mouth's), but would you vouch for anyone in your youth group as having relentless passion for gospel. Anything less is deplorable to the Lord. Revelation 3, Jesus is talking, and he says "I will spit you out of my mouth because you're not relentless, for me or against me. You're not hot or cold." If I can't look to the people on my right, to the people on my left, and say they are Christians (meaning they have communion with the Holy Spirit; like Christ, as in the apostolic era), then church is a congregation of con artists. Our faith is nothing but a well crafted lie if we're not relentless for the gospel (if we're not Christians).

And I never reconciled any of this, I just forgot about during my summer high. So it was still in the back of my mind, and I've been living with this mentality for the past year I guess, but I haven't been necessarily aware of it.

But when you asked me last Sunday why I haven't been going to church, I had no answer. I had forgotten all about the reasons why I rebelled against the church in early 2013 at Cottonwood Creek, and yet somewhere in the back of my mind it's been restricting me, more or less, this whole time.

So I started thinking about all this last week, and I've been going through the Pentateuch, I was in Numbers, and I was reading about a dude named Balaam. And I thought he was a pretty cool guy. The Israelites, for context, were coming near to a place named Midian. There were five kings of this place, and one of them, named Balak, saw the Israelites coming and he was terrified. So he sends messengers to Balaam, because we learn that who he blesses is blessed, and whoever he curses is cursed, and Balak wants Balaam to curse the Israelites. But Balaam says, "Look guys, spend the night here, and I'll bring back word to you as the Lord speaks to me." So cool, cool, we know the Lord speaks to this guy and he's a prophet.

So God says to him, "Don't curse this people, because they're blessed." Then Balaam tells the messengers, "Go home, God said no." And they go home, but Balak, the king, sends them back saying, "I'll make you rich." But Balaam answers them and says, "Though Balak were to give me his house full of silver and gold, I could not do anything, either small or great, contrary to the command of the Lord my God."

Be honest, Balaam seems pretty cool. He seems like an upright kind of guy. He's super pious, he's got this relentless submission to the Lord. But a few chapters later, God commands the Israelites to take full vengeance on the Midianites, and they go to war, and the passage adds a little note that they killed Balaam.

Now wait a minute, Balaam served the Lord, why does God command his death? Doubly ironic, a few hours after I read this passage, I stumbled on another passage in Revelation 2, right before Jesus talks to the church seventh church, the church of Laodicea, he says, "I have a few things against you, because there are those among you that hold to the teaching of Balaam, who taught Balak to put a stumbling block before the sons of Israel, to eat things sacrificed to idols and to commit acts of sexual immorality." Kind of like, "I can't curse them, but I can show you how to make them sin, and sin will curse them."

Wait, is this the same guy? Yep, son of Boer, counseled Balak, definitely the same dude. This upright guy, relentless for the Word of the Lord, was the agent for all kinds of wickedness at the same time that he refused to curse the Israelites. There is nothing descent about this guy, there's nothing mediocre, he was both cold and hot. What do you get when you mix cold water with hot water? Lukewarm water. So now we have a hermeneutic we must apply to the church of Laodicea. Jesus isn't condemning the decent people, the mediocre people, how we translated it, _neither_ hot or cold, he's condemning the people _both_ hot and cold. He's condemning the Balaam's, who died at the hand of God, not because he was descent, but because he was lukewarm. The Greek word is oute, literally translated "not-besides", not-in-addition-to, not-otherwise, not only. When you're both hot and cold together, they cancel each other out and you're neither hot nor cold.

And if you don't apply this hermeneutic (which is perfectly reasonable, Balaam was the object of address to the church of Pergamum, not the church of Laodicea), than there is no reason why you shouldn't be absolutely disgusted with church.

You said you miss me, and you mentioned that I may not believe it but regardless you still miss me. The truth is, no, I don't believe you, because we say things like that all the time, and you probably believe it yourself, but we don't actually think about what we're saying. My cousin sent me a facebook message the other day saying that he misses hanging out and stuff from the old days, that he wants to catch up etc. etc., and I believe he does miss me.

The difference is, he explained why he misses me, he referenced experiences we had together, things we did together, he has a reason to miss me. You say you miss me, people say it all the time, "We missed you at church today!" No, I was missing from church today, but you didn't miss me. You have nothing to be nostalgic about. You noticed I was missing, and you want as many bodies in the door so you're like "Where you been?"

If you're honest with yourself, did you ever think exclusively about Ethan Miller, and miss me? Not the body, but the person, the identity. "I wish he was here." Why? If you can't answer that on a personal level, you don't miss me, you miss another body in the door. People aren't careful with the variable of truth in their words anymore, because we're so quick with our words that we don't have time to actually consider what we're saying. So when you say you missed me, I have to look on that with contempt because it insinuates that you speak casually, that you take your words lightly.

Sin is not the problem. Sin is the result of the problem. It's not the cause, it's the effect. If you tell them anything else, you may be preaching salvation by faith, but you're preaching righteousness by works. What do we learn from Abraham? They're both from faith. And if you don't have enough faith to be righteous, what makes you so sure you have enough faith to be saved? That's key. There are three elements to salvation, the first is eternal inheritance, the second has to do with our righteousness. We are being saved day by day.

You can't understand how truly horrific bored Christianity is until you've discovered wicked Christianity.

You can condemn me but that doesn't reconcile everyone else.