Ethan Miller
Testimony for Mission Trip 2014
12 July 2014
Tags: #favorwithman 

Growing up in a Christian home I was going to church and attending family devotions before I could even talk, so I literally cannot remember a time in my life when I didn't know the story of Jesus and the cross. One particular night, however, I remember sitting on my bed at about three years old, and I said my first prayer and received the salvation of the Holy Spirit. In my simple three year old mind it went something like this: without Jesus in your heart you burn in hell, with Jesus in your heart you get heavenly paradise. The decision was not difficult for me to make.

But I remember wondering and asking my mom what it was that was so bad that Jesus had to die for me. And she would tell me something like "I disobeyed herm," but that didn't seem like an fitting crime deserving of death. Staying up past my bedtime was not worth someone dying over was it? And I think that's a pretty good example of the way I thought years later. I thought I was pretty much a textbook definition of a Christian. I went to church twice a week, I memorized scripture, I was baptized at age six; I was a pretty good person.

During discipleship class, when I was in sixth grade, we learned about a passage from Matthew 5 that equalized anger with murder. This passage completely redefined sin for me and made me realize how incorrigible we all are. A couple years later at church camp, my family group leader, Stephan Quartmont enlightened me in a passage from the first epistle of John, that reads, "no one who lives in Him keeps on sinning. No one who continues in sin has either seen Him or known Him." This passage was bad news to me, because as I learned in discipleship class, by God's standard, I was continuing in sin. It was impossible not to. You get angry with someone and that's equal to murder, and that's not a good thing.

So I started to question my faith and decided that according to that passage, I was not a Christian; I was not saved. Freaked me out. So then I started looking at the faith of the church, and I remember looking around in worship one day as we all sang, "so I'll stand, with arms high and heart abandoned," thinking how many mouths would speak before the Lord, and how many voices raised to God, whose idle words meant nothing? Because our congregation placed their hands at their side while singing, "I'll stand, with arms high and heart abandoned." To me, if they were singing without truth about their arms being raised, which is easy to do, how much more would be the lie that their hearts were abandoned, which is much more difficult? Jesus said that the Father is seeking worshipers who worship in spirit and in truth, and they were not worshipping in truth, so I decided that their faith was as fraudulent as mine. To me, church was a congregation of con artists, and their faith was nothing but a well crafted lie.

So I started to hate the church after that, and had major disrespect for it. I couldn't leave the building due to family discipline, but I never applied myself or attended in spirit. During the time I spent apart from the church, I remember laying awake at night just wondering why I got up in the morning? What was my drive, my reason for living? For me, life was not worth it. If I wasn't living for Christ, who was I living for? If you're not living for Christ, your life in inconsequential and anything you do won't matter in a thousand years. So I had this emptiness inside me, this void feeling of nothingness, and in my emptiness I started running to all sorts of things to fill myself. I ran to all kinds of drugs, not in the sense of pills and stimulants, but in the sense of whatever I was using to escape reality. Things like music, video games, sleep, even people. And all these drugs worked while I was using them, but at the end of the day, I had to face up with reality, and I hated it.

After realizing that no drug could appease me, I really just wanted to die. I hated my life, and it was not valuable to me because I knew how insignificant it was. And I never thought about killing myself, but every morning when I woke up I was really disappointed that I hadn't dies in my sleep. One night, as I was laying awake just thinking, I recited an old passage I learned during family devotions. It was from Romans 6, which says, "All of us who were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into His death. We were therefore buried with Him through baptism into death in order that just as Christ was raised from the dead, we too might live a new life." And it just clicked. I wanted to die, and with baptism, not only would my old self die, I would get this whole new life, and I wanted that. But I still had a problem, because I was baptized at age six, and there was only one faith, one Lord, and one baptism. And what if I got rebaptized, and nothing changed? So I pondered getting rebaptized until my Sunday School teacher told me that getting dinked in water was completely irrelevant for change in my life, and that real baptism is when you trust Jesus as your Lord and savior. And that almost depressed me, because somewhere along the way, I trusted Christ as my savior years ago. It was like my last chance at reforming myself was taken away.

A year later, our minister of discipleship enlightened me in one of the most significant elements of my testimony: the three elements of salvation. He told me, "I am saved, because Paul says that it is by grace through faith that I am saved, I am being saved, because Paul writes to work out your salvation with fear and trembling, and I will be saved, because Peter says that my salvation will be secured in the last day." I am saved, I am being saved, and I will be saved. I was confused, "Blanchard what does that mean?" Blanchard explained it to me like this, imagine you apply for a university, and they accept you. You have been accepted into the university, you are going to the university, and you will graduate from the university. You see, the first salvation has to do with our eternal inheritance, God reconciling the World to himself. There is no condemnation. But the second salvation has to do with our daily walk with Christ, or communing with Him in such a way that our inner self is being renewed day by day. I discovered that salvation from sin is a process. It's not that when we're baptized, our old self dies and we live this whole new life, Paul writes that I die to myself every day. Salvation from sin isn't a onetime choice, it's a constant decision. Paul says that I put off my old self, and put on the new self. And this is the truth that I testify.
