[God Saves People with Bad Theology](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCeCwt4wSBE&list=LLBkWJNMdlBmY0zh6VArtv4Q&index=644&t=1s)

>"Matthew 22:14 and Romans 8:30 do not apparently use the word ‘call' in the same way, and if they do they contradict each other. . . . When you want to know the meaning of a word in the Bible, you must not assume that the use of that word by other authors besides the one that you're studying will be the same as the place where you're reading. If fact, I would stress, even the same author can use the same word in two very different ways. Now we all know this in English. In the Oxford English Dictionary the word ‘set' has listed 464 definitions. And the word ‘run' has 396 listed definitions. Now if you need any evidence that words are flexible, that's it. And it's true in the Bible as well." ~ John Piper

>"No matter how I feel I can say 'finger go down, finger go up.' That's amazing, I don't know how the brain works. But I cannot do that [with happiness] when I get up feeling glum in the morning. 'Feel happy, feel happy, feel happy!' And it doesn't work like that. It's a gift. It rises spontaneously in response to things, you don't make it happen when it happens; joy happens. . . . Why must we fight for joy? (2 Corinthians 1:24). . . . He sandwiches joy with faith on either side. . . . Which suggests to me that an essential element of faith is joy. (John 6:35). . . . He parallels come with believe. Here's my definition of faith on the basis of John 6:35: believing in Jesus is a coming to Jesus, so as to find your heart hunger and heart thirst satisfied. That's believing. . . . I do not conceive of any Christian on planet Earth who says I am saved by faith and Jesus is not my treasure. That is an oxymoron statement to me. That makes no sense, and I would call a person like that into question. That's not a Christian in my judgment."

>"You defined honesty as consistency, and that assumes a certain kind of linguistic construct. So I would object. You're the one who defined that. And to be honest with you, when you were doing that, I felt that was a bit dishonest. I felt that was constructing an angel that you were planning to then seize upon because of the way that the language works. It sounds right, it sounds right, it sounds right, and then you jump on it in a way that I don't think the language allows."

>"I'll argue with the dictionary. I'm a linguist. And I'll tell you this. Dictionaries are a collection of a summery of ideas, but words themselves are defined not by a dictionary, but by their usage. How do we actually use the word ‘assumption'? If we can show that the word assumption is used in a domain of meaning, where there's some width and breadth, then we can create this kind of epistemological bait and switch to try and show that there's this inconsistency when what we really have are words that have no meaning to them whatsoever— And I claim that words don't have meaning. Words are symbols and signs that stand for meaning that we associate to them, and we do that by using these words in a manner that gives them a certain breadth and flexibility, and this is one of the reasons knowledge is a difficult thing for people to deal with, because we as finite human beings must deal with it in a relative manner, even when what we're dealing with may be itself absolute. And words are a part of that construction. And so although you find in the dictionary that ‘This is the definition of the word,' I disagree. That is not what the word means. That's just one way of talking about the word. And dictionaries are very useful to bring us to a central ball park, but at the same time, words are defined by usage in the way that we use them, and every human being can actually use the words within a language very differently. As a result, this is a very slippery slope when we're trying to nail down what words are." ~ [Bob Greaves](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niVDKqD_e_E&index=5&list=WL) [46 min]

>"It doesn't matter if this is common knowledge. What matters is, ‘Is This the testimony and witness of scripture.' There are mysteries of the Godhead and mysteries of God, and certain doctrines, that thankfully by the grace of God we don't need conscious knowledge of in order to be saved." [If everything was common knowledge, we wouldn't have teachers. We would just read the Bible.] ~ [Steven Bancarz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPp1SuQOO9g)

>"Sooner or later a book becomes detached from the personal life of an author and stands on its own merits as true or helpful or not." ~ [John Piper](https://www.desiringgod.org/interviews/do-you-regret-partnering-with-mark-driscoll)

>"If you use the word trajectory, you are assuming you know where we should be, where we should be heading beyond the New Testament. Now hoe do we know what this is since it's not in the New Testament? It seems to me that such a way of doing ethics will lead to a kind of subjectivity that lets me make my ethics in some way pretty much what I want to make of them, which is another way of saying that this hermeneutic seems to effectively strip the Bible of its final authority.  Isn't a trajectory hermeneutic presuming that I can decide what that goal should be and thus shape it after my image rather than the authoritative image in the Bible? . . . . Isn't it strange that Paul would argue his point in ways that make it hard to use this trajectory approach? Here's what I mean: this approach would say that Paul's instructions about men and women (in the church, in marriage) are pointers to something beyond his own explicit instructions. In other words Paul wants us to see his instructions as temporary and illustrative of liberation, not permanent and of normative value for all time. . . . It seems strange that the way Paul would argue for his position was in a way that is not culturally conditioned or temporary, in other words Paul did not say that women should submit to their husbands because that would help them fit in to the culture better, so that in a later more liberated time they would fit in better another way. Instead he argued that this dynamic of husband and wife leadership and submission was rooted in a relationship between Christ and the Church which God had signaled in creation back in Genesis 2 and was now being worked out in the expression of the way Christ related to His church. That's a really strange way to argue if you want people to take it in a different direction someday." ~ John Piper (Ask Pastor John, E492)

>"I think many Christians need a better understanding not only of the authority of Scripture, but its sufficiency." ~ Randy Alcorn

>"There are no scientific authorities. Richard knows a lot about zoology, I know a lot about physics, but there is no one whose views are not subject to question. There's no student who should ever be afraid of saying to a professor in a science class, ‘You're wrong and here's why.'" ~ [Lawrence Kraus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo2LHKRR8NQ)

>"Then when it says in verse 11 that ‘the angels, though greater in might and power, do not pronounce a reviling judgment upon them before the Lord,' it probably means that the angels don't revile the false teachers, even though they deserve it and the angels are in an exalted position to give it. This contrast shows how incredibly puffed up the false teachers are. Even angels yield to the authority of God to pass just judgment. But the false teachers despise all authority and rise above the angels to scorn the glories of the holy God, probably by denying the second coming."

>"Matthew 22:14 and Romans 8:30 do not apparently use the word ‘call' in the same way, and if they do they contradict each other. . . . When you want to know the meaning of a word in the Bible, you must not assume that the use of that word by other authors besides the one that you're studying will be the same as the place where you're reading. If fact, I would stress, even the same author can use the same word in two very different ways. Now we all know this in English. In the Oxford English Dictionary the word ‘set' has listed 464 definitions. And the word ‘run' has 396 listed definitions. Now if you need any evidence that words are flexible, that's it. And it's true in the Bible as well." ~ [John Piper](http://www.desiringgod.org/interviews/what-is-the-difference-between-called-and-chosen)

>"Any ultimate source cannot appeal to a higher authority to establish its authority. For example, I think most Christians are wrong in their apologetic to point to fulfilled prophesy, archeology, and whatever else. I think all those things are important, I think they can increase a Christian's faith, but none of them can prove the ultimate authority of the Bible, because if you were to appeal to them in that way, you appeal from a lower authority to a higher authority. So if my ultimate authority is that which is God-breathed, I cannot appeal to anything above that, or I'm establishing that as a higher authority." ~ [James White](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INtIF-a_nO0)

Any time a knowledge of customs and culture is the basis of understanding something in the Bible, you can find those customs and culture in the Bible itself. For example, the Jews beginning their days at sunset, from evening to morning.

https://www.gotquestions.org/evening-morning-Genesis.html

John Piper: 2015 "Love your enemies" era: This shows that words don't have meanings.

William Lane Craig, Genesis, "We need to make sure we apply the proper hermeneutical principles.