* [Journal: God Will Withhold The Wrong Girlfriend](https://youtu.be/yiFUJb9Ynr0?t=525)
* [Steven Anderson: The Warrior Spirit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQ_Q3krqA0g&t=13s)

# Weakness isn't moral virtue.
* [Jordan Peterson: you have to be dangerous](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLQlh1G9Ldw)

If you're not a formidable force, there's no morality in your self control. If you're incapable of violence, not being violent isn't a virtue. The combination of the capacity for danger and the capacity for control is what brings about the virtue. Otherwise you confuse weakness with moral virtue. "I'm harmless therefore I'm good." That's not how it works. If you're harmless you're just weak. And if you're weak you're not going to be good. You can't be, because it takes strength to be good. 

* [Jordan Peterson: Why Do Nice Guys Nice Finish Last?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=di2FM8WZI5E)
* [Jordan Peterson: Women always reject these men](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtcUOEIM7E0)
* [Jordan Peterson: Don't Be The Nice Guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fesSvXKxYd0)

# Be in control of your base passions
* [Andrew Tate & Michael Knowls: What makes a high value man?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLUgseVJheE&t=1304s)

The high value man is in control of his base passions. Man has two wills that exist simultaneously: the lower will, which is the apatite, the passion (it's when you want to eat some cookies in the cookie jar), and then there's the higher will, which is the rational will that tells you, "No if I eat all the cookies in the cookie jar I'm going to have a tummy ache so I'm not going to do that." A high value man will be in great command and follow his rational will and subdue his passion.

## Men who are obsessed with sex are advertising that they're deprived of it
* [ANDREW TATE AND CHIAN DO NOT GET ALONG | Grilling S2 Ep 7](https://youtu.be/m1S9oOgnGp0?t=2864)
* [Wouldn't You Prefer A Woman Who Loves You?](https://www.youtube.com/clip/Ugkx9qrhj0jgJwA63PIyY9rWhMGHJIayMXPw)

Sex in and of itself is boring. Any man who sits and says that sex is great or sex is fun just clearly hasn't had enough sex. Sex is a chore. Sex is like food. You don't really care unless you're really hungry and then you eat and you don't care again. It's one of those things you go you do every once in a while because it's an urge but it's not a real big deal. Every person needs food, and every person likes food, but if you're someone who goes through life and only only only talks
about and cares about food it's a bit weird. Same thing with sex. Sex is something that happens, and this happens between people who love each other, and it's a great thing, but it's not the be all and end all of life. I don't think sex is the most stimulating and interesting thing in the world. 

Any dude who's like, "Wow! Wow! Two pairs of tits!" just hasn't fucked very much. Who gives a shit? I just think that men who are super super interested in sex or sexual fantasies of these things are men who are semi-deprived. If you have an abundance of food, if you have a fridge full of food all the time, you don't eat all the time. Sometimes you just don't want to. It's always there. But if you're starving, as soon as food appears you're all over it. It's the same with sex. Any dude was like, "Wow threesome? Okay." is a guy who's deprived. A guy who has as much as he wants all the time ain't going to be really that interested in it.

Sex is not a complicated operation. There's no move that is going to make a man like, "oh wow, I've never seen this before and my mind is blown!" If you think the way to keep a man happy is to move your pussy in a particular way on top of his dick as opposed to behaving in a way that is respectful to him out in the real world, and for him to know he has you and your loyalty regardless of all the problems that are going to come into his life, than you're wrong.

# Values over Hustle

[Sneaky can't defend Andrew Tate](https://youtube.com/shorts/uRwsln3Xei8?feature=share)


# The Lamb and the Tyger: One and the Same
---
Ethan Miller
Professor Yarbrough
ENGL 2332
10 May 2016

In His _Songs of Innocence and Experience_, William Blake skillfully endeavored to show "the Two Contrary States of the Human Soul." _The Lamb_, for example, in the Songs of Innocence, paints a picture of the innocent, jaunty, carefree world of childhood, while it's juxtapositional sister poem in in the Songs of Experience, _The Tyger_, shows the contrasting world of adulthood, which is characterized by a more brutal, corrupt, pessimistic outlook on the world. Blake sets up his poems in pairs (one from innocence and one from experience) so that the same situation is seen from the perspective of innocence first and then experience. The Lamb is what we are when we're first put in the world: meek, innocent. The Tyger is what we become after we start to realize life isn't as fair and cuddly as we thought it was. "Once burned, twice remembered." "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." At some point or another, everybody gets fooled. We start to lose our trust, and when that goes away, our innocence goes with it. We become cunning and intelligent. "That won't work on me this time." The U.S. Code of Federal Regulations has over 40 million words in it because people are so prone to screw each other over, and every time we do, we try and amend life so that it won't happen again. We make a new rule, either in the law or in our minds that prevents us from being taken advantage of. "Those who don't learn their history are doomed to repeat it." It's our mentality.

Growing up in the world is not innately a bad thing. It's a learning experience that's integrated in the way our brains function to keep us alive. If we're out for a walk and the bushes start to wiggle, and a cobra jumps out, assuming you survive, next time you hear a bush wiggle the same way, your defenses are going to come up even though it's probably just a bunny or some wind. People who get side swiped tend to be more nervous about cars coming in from the side than people who haven't. And adults who've been lied to, cheated, betrayed, victimized, or shall we say people who have _experienced_ life, tend to look at the world through a different lens than children who haven't lived long enough to put their hand to the stove. When Blake calls these two states of the human soul "contrary," he is saying you can either be ignorant and innocent, or wise at the expense of innocence. It's interesting that in Judeo-Christian literature the forbidden fruit that brought sin into the world was from the tree of the _knowledge_ of good and evil (Genesis 2:17). Experience is a word that's often used in the context of learning something. "He had learned his lesson by painful experience." If someone is speaking from experience, they know what's going down. It's in this sense that Blake makes experience the contrary state of innocence.

This dichotomy that Blake outlines makes me think of an old movie that came out in the 50's called _Harvey_. Dr. Chumley reveals to the main character, Elwood Dowd, that his sister has been at the bottom of a conspiracy against him. Elwood replies, "She did all that in one day? That Vita is certainly a whirlwind, isn't she?" To which the Dr. inquiries, "Good heavens man, haven't you any righteous indignation?" Elwood answers the man, "Oh Doctor, years ago, my mother used to say to me, she'd say, ‘In this world, Elwood, you must be oh so smart, or oh so pleasant.' For years I was smart, I recommend pleasant" ([_Harvey_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUOxEwCuEgQ)). Here's a man that has tasted both states of the soul, and he found innocence to be superior. But the implication is that he had to give up his smartness to be pleasant. The way he lives his life operates on the same dichotomy Blake looks into.

However, to steal a concept from William Blake's other work, _The Marriage of Heaven and Hell_, life may not be composed of such neat polarities: Innocent and ignorant or conversant and corrupt. Going back to his poem, _The Lamb_, Blake alludes to descriptions of Jesus in the Bible. In the Bible, God took the most vulnerable of animals, the lamb, to talk about his son (Isaiah 53:7). Jesus came to earth in such humility. He put on flesh to dwell among us. He was vulnerable and gentle and meek. He came to sacrifice himself. And yet it is the same son of God who is called the Lion of the tribe of Judah (Revelation 5:5). "He is meek, and He is mild / He became a little child." That same dude is described by the fiercest, strongest, deadliest, fearless king of beasts. Lion and Lamb, one person. The same one who stood covered in his own blood when Pilate said, "Behold the man," is going to be covered in blood again, only next time it isn't his; it's the blood of his enemies.

Even during his time on earth the first time, Jesus was innocent and meek, but he was never naïve. "Fool me once," doesn't work on him because you couldn't fool him once. Not even Satan himself using scripture could manipulate Jesus (Matthew 4:1-11). He had very experienced opponents, powerful men who tried to trap him again and again, and yet he proved to be wiser than they could handle (Matthew 22:22). And at the same time, these opponents Jesus had developed were looking for something that they might use against him to accuse him before the Roman authority, but they could find no charge against him (Matthew 12). He was innocent. He grew in wisdom (Luke 2:52), yet he was innocent. He had learned how to deal with situations in life that no level of experience could match, yet he never violated any standard of ethics or morality, or principles of right and wrong. In fact, he said something interesting to his disciples one time. He said, "Behold, I send you out as sheep in the midst of wolves; so be shrewd as serpents and innocent as doves" (ESV Matthew 10:16). Jesus called all of his followers to be the exception to William Blake's poems. Jesus was introducing us to the concept that maybe it isn't either-or, but innocence and experience share a domain of coexistence. Maybe it isn't an unavoidable choice between two exclusive alternatives. Maybe the Lamb and the Tyger aren't so opposite.

What does it look like to be both? It looks like Jesus. He was mocked, spit on, slapped, thrashed, and put on a cross out of love for humanity. Nails were driven through his wrists, and his words were, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do" (ESV Luke 23:34). Forgiveness is something Blake didn't account for. One of Jesus' best friends, the apostle Peter, wrote in his first epistle, "When he [Jesus] was reviled, he did not revile in return; when he suffered, he did not threaten, but continued entrusting himself to him who judges justly" (ESV 1 Peter 2:23). This is the kind of experience that can strip away a piece of your innocence if you let it, but Jesus didn't let it. When you get reviled, you can revile back. Experiencing a lot of revilement can make you a professional reviler. When people criticize us we often feel the need to invalidate what they said, so we criticize them back. It just keeps chipping away our innocence every time. But forgiveness can stop all of that. I mean, if you watch somebody get slapped in the cheek, and he turns his other cheek to the assailant also, that would look really naïve to people who think in terms of impulse, "Hit him back!" Maybe hitting him back is the more "experienced" thing to do, or maybe there's a level of experience that lands us right back at innocence because it recognizes that life is only 10% what happens to you and 100% how you respond to it, and an eye for an eye is going to wind up making a world full of blind people. Experience isn't always a sick rose, sometimes it's a rose that grows up to be the most beautiful and healthy flower imaginable.

In the end, Blake brilliantly shows two very distinct outlooks on life by the use of contrast, but I do not subscribe to his notion that innocence and experience are contrary. There will always be roaring lambs in the world, people who are as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves.

**Works Cited**

Blake, William. "[Songs of Innocence and of Experience](https://www.gutenberg.org/files/1934/1934-h/1934-h.htm)." _The Norton Anthology of World Masterpieces_. Ed. Maynard Mack. Sixth ed. Vol. 2. New York: Norton, 1992. 572-78. Print.

_ESV: Study Bible: English Standard Version._ Wheaton, IL: Crossway Bibles, 2007. Print.

_Harvey_. Dir. Henry Koster. By Mary Chase and Oscar Brodney. Perf. James Stewart, Josephine Hull, and Peggy Dow. Universal, 1950. DVD.